Must be wrong
This is the daughter of the night market group
So he is a countryman.
It's not his right
I am the daughter of the night market
Ye Meng
You were fired for using my identity at the company first
Then he pretended to owe usury
Now do you still want to do it again?
I don't understand what you're saying.
I called my dad last night
Said to accept Galway's
The thief shouts to catch the thief
You still dare to pretend in front of the daughter of the Ye family
Qiuyan now
Not the time to change this
Send them away quickly
Ouch hello lady
We are blind to Mount Tai
You see, Miss, you have admitted it wrong.
You stupid dog
Don't you even know your own master?
But you stupid things, go away
I am the daughter of the Ye family
He's an impostor.
You bitch
My son almost had his hand chopped off
Now dare to frame the dream
I see you really don't want to live anymore
I don't have a loan shark that I didn't borrow
It's Aowei Financial that I just called to acquire.
Don't talk big
Zhiyuan
Tell him why you brought him here this time
Zhiran, what does he mean?
Jiu Ye, let's break up
You came to me today
Just tell me this
Why can people still dream?
People are kind and rich
Not like you are full of bad water
Still a hillbilly who can't get on the table
Even a pig knows how to choose, so
It's for him.
Broke up with me early